docs: refactor the Getting Started doc (#90)
Azure/osm-azure: docs/get-started.md

> Download the latest [wheel file](https://github.com/Azure/azure-arc-kubernetes-preview/blob/master/extensions/connectedk8s-0.3.8-py2.py3-none-any.whl).
```bash
WHEEL="<location of the Azure CLI Python wheel file>"
az extension add --source $WHEEL --yes || true
```

2. Install the latest [k8s-extension](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/k8s-extension?view=azure-cli-latest).
> Download the lastest [wheel file](https://github.com/Azure/azure-arc-kubernetes-preview/blob/master/extensions/k8s_extension_private-0.2.1b2-py3-none-any.whl).
```bash
WHEEL="<location of the Azure CLI Python wheel file>"
az extension add --source $WHEEL --yes || true
```

## Enable Arc Features
The following steps need to be run only once for a given subscription:

_Optional_: set default Azure subscription for the `az` CLI:
```bash
az account set --subscription=<your-Azure-subscription-ID>
```

```bash
az feature register \
  --namespace Microsoft.KubernetesConfiguration \
  --name sourceControlConfiguration
```

```bash
az provider register \
  --namespace Microsoft.ExtendedLocation
```

```bash
az feature register \
  --namespace Microsoft.ExtendedLocation \

>   --name CustomLocations-ppauto

Reviewer: Minor: All these steps are not required for OSM extension and it does not use ExtendedLocation or sourceControlConfiguration feature. Only pre-reg for extensions is Microsoft.KubernetesConfiguration ResourceProvider is registered (This is already covered in #1)

az provider register \
  --namespace Microsoft.KubernetesConfiguration --wait

Author: This is very helpful! Will address in a follow up PR and will update our wikis.

## Add Azure CLI extensions

1. Install the latest [connectedk8s](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-arc/kubernetes/quickstart-connect-cluster).
> Download the latest [wheel file](https://github.com/Azure/azure-arc-kubernetes-preview/blob/master/extensions/connectedk8s-0.3.8-py2.py3-none-any.whl).
```bash
WHEEL="<location of the Azure CLI Python wheel file>"
az extension add --source $WHEEL --yes || true
```

2. Install the latest [k8s-extension](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/k8s-extension?view=azure-cli-latest).
> Download the lastest [wheel file](https://github.com/Azure/azure-arc-kubernetes-preview/blob/master/extensions/k8s_extension_private-0.2.1b2-py3-none-any.whl).
```bash
WHEEL="<location of the Azure CLI Python wheel file>"
az extension add --source $WHEEL --yes || true
```

## Enable Arc Features
The following steps need to be run only once for a given subscription:

_Optional_: set default Azure subscription for the `az` CLI:
```bash
az account set --subscription=<your-Azure-subscription-ID>
```

```bash
az feature register \
  --namespace Microsoft.Kubernetes \

>   --name previewAccess

Reviewer: remove this as well as Microsoft.Kubernetes is GA now an d no feature flags needed

Author: Thank you so much @safeermohammed !
Removed!

> # Get Started with Open Service Mesh Arc extension

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Get Started with Open Service Mesh Arc Add-on
```

Reviewer 2: @draychev not sure why this change got undone?

Use the following scripts to publish chart, enable connected cluster, and add OSM Arc extension.

## Prerequisites
- Running Kubernetes cluster
- [Install the Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli)

## Add Azure CLI extensions

> Note: Get latest wheels: https://github.com/Azure/azure-arc-kubernetes-preview/tree/master/extensions

1. Install the latest [connectedk8s](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/connectedk8s?view=azure-cli-latest).
```bash

> WHEEL="https://arcextensions.blob.core.windows.net/extensions/connectedk8s-0.3.8-py2.py3-none-any.whl"

Reviewer 2: I think this should not be exposed. let's discuss this offline

Author: Removed

az extension add --source $WHEEL --yes || true
```

2. Install the latest [k8s-extension](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/k8s-extension?view=azure-cli-latest).
```bash

> WHEEL="https://arcextensions.blob.core.windows.net/extensions/k8s_extension-0.1PP.13-py2.py3-none-any.whl"

Reviewer 2: I think this should not be exposed. let's discuss this offline

az extension add --source $WHEEL --yes || true
```

## Enable Arc Features
The following steps need to be run only once for a given subscription:

_Optional_: set default Azure subscription for the `az` CLI:
```bash
az account set --subscription=<your-Azure-subscription-ID>
```

```bash
az feature register \
  --namespace Microsoft.Kubernetes \
  --name previewAccess
```

```bash
az feature register \
  --namespace Microsoft.KubernetesConfiguration \
  --name sourceControlConfiguration
```

```bash
az feature register \
  --namespace Microsoft.KubernetesConfiguration \
  --name extensions
```

```bash
az provider register \
  --namespace Microsoft.ExtendedLocation
```

```bash
az feature register \
  --namespace Microsoft.ExtendedLocation \
  --name CustomLocations-ppauto
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Another option instead of writing out all the commands here is to direct the developer to the scripts in the ./scripts folder, such as add-extension.sh, connect-to-arc.sh, install-connectedk8s.sh, and install-k8s-extension.sh

Author: I don't find documents that point to files with bash scripts to be a great experience.
Document should lay out the steps it takes to get something done.  The document itself is not the automation tool. The automation tool could be influenced by the document, but not the other way around.

## Connect Cluster and Install Arc Extension

Install the Arc agent and connect the Kubernetes cluster to Azure:
```bash
az connectedk8s connect \
  --name=<Azure-name-of-the-Arc-connector> \

>   --resource-group=<Azure-resource-group>

Reviewer 3: We should specify that the location of the connectedCluster should be set to either eastus, eastus2euap, or westeurope.

Author: Added `--location` and the possible options. Also dated it so we question the validity at some point.

```

Install Open Service Mesh Arc extension:
```bash
az k8s-extension create \
  --cluster-name=<Azure-name-of-the-Arc-connector> \
  --resource-group=<Azure-resource-group> \
  --cluster-type=connectedClusters \
  --extension-type=Microsoft.openservicemesh \
  --scope=cluster \
  --release-train=staging \
  --name=osm \
  --release-namespace=arc-osm-system \
  --version=0.8.2 \

>   --subscription=<Azure-subscription>

Reviewer 3: Subscription isn't a required field here, we can assume that the user already configured their subscription beforehand.

Author: Removed!

# Get Started with Open Service Mesh Arc extension

> Use the following scripts to publish chart, enable connected cluster, and add OSM Arc extension.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following scripts to publish chart, enable connected cluster, and add OSM Arc add-on.
```

## Prerequisites
- Running Kubernetes cluster
- [Install the Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli)

## Add Azure CLI extensions

> Note: Get latest wheels: https://github.com/Azure/azure-arc-kubernetes-preview/tree/master/extensions

> 1. Install the latest [connectedk8s](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/connectedk8s?view=azure-cli-latest).

Reviewer: >1. Install the latest  [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=0&length=22)

This link would be better for connectedCluster

[https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-arc/kubernetes/quickstart-connect-cluster](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-arc/kubernetes/quickstart-connect-cluster)

```bash
WHEEL="<location of the Azure CLI Python wheel file>"
az extension add --source $WHEEL --yes || true
```

2. Install the latest [k8s-extension](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/k8s-extension?view=azure-cli-latest).
```bash

> WHEEL="<location of the Azure CLI Python wheel file>"

Reviewer: >"<location of the Azure CLI Python wheel file> [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=6&length=46)

Since we have customized OSM extension CLI for private preview, this link is here

[https://github.com/Azure/azure-arc-kubernetes-preview/tree/master/extensions](https://github.com/Azure/azure-arc-kubernetes-preview/tree/master/extensions)

k8s_extension_private-0.2.1b2-py3-none-any.whl

Author: Updated! Thank you, @safeermohammed !

az extension add --source $WHEEL --yes || true
```

## Enable Arc Features
The following steps need to be run only once for a given subscription:

_Optional_: set default Azure subscription for the `az` CLI:
```bash
az account set --subscription=<your-Azure-subscription-ID>
```

```bash
az feature register \
  --namespace Microsoft.Kubernetes \
  --name previewAccess
```

```bash
az feature register \
  --namespace Microsoft.KubernetesConfiguration \
  --name sourceControlConfiguration
```

```bash
az feature register \
  --namespace Microsoft.KubernetesConfiguration \

>   --name extensions

Reviewer: This is not needed any more as exetension is on by default now. Above list covers all the updated feature flags

Author: Removed!
